logo

   MIND
       Message from the President
       History
       Open space Open mind
       Facilities
       Schools and Departments
       Our Open Town
   IDEAS
       Faculty  Researcher
       Students
   RELATIONS
       International Exchange Agreements
       FUNLITE Toranomon Hills
       CRC
   ACTION
       Flagship Projects
       Research and Education
   IMPACT
       Achievements
   GRADUATE SCHOOL
       Message from the Head of the Graduate School
       Graduate School Courses
       Five Fields of PostGraduate Study
       Faculty Research Areas
       Admissions

home
MIND
Message from the President

Message from the President

pfPresident of Future University Hakodate
Hideyuki Nakashima

Future University Hakodate is situated in a beautiful region that has a unique
history and culture originating in the last days of the Shogunate as well as
outstanding food and tourist appeal We pursue the development of sustainable
systems to improve peoples lives through deep involvement both in the local
area and further afield and focus on education and research that designs
societal systems

The Universitys faculty members are highly capable and active in collaborating
with others in related academic fields and communities thereby transcending
the boundaries of their own specialities They work with strong motivation to
further develop their potential in the local area thus fostering a lively
academic culture unique to the University

Systems information science where IT meets design complex systems and
artificialintelligence is an academic field in which multiple solutions to
atypical issues of modern society can be found using an information
sciencebased approach with the world viewed as a single system In the future
the role of computers is expected to develop into something far less detached
from humans the creation of products and services will require deep
interaction between computers and users starting at the development stage
Systematic thinking to support the understanding of complex concepts without
oversimplification and the design of interfaces that flexibly transcend the
boundaries of various fields are essential to the collaborative creation of new
value

I often talk to students about the benefits of finding and nurturing their own
strengths and untapped potential For us the future is something to be created
rather than predicted

Future University Hakodate remains strongly committed to its efforts to
envision and develop the future of information society and local communities

menulocat

menulife

menurecru

gotop

   Home
   Site Policy
   Contact us
   Access
   Sitemap
   Japanese

                      
Copyright  FUTURE UNIVERSITY HAKODATE All Rights Reserved
